adding search shards api docs (#9974)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _api-reference/search-apis/search-shards.md

## Endpoints

```json
GET /_search_shards
GET /<index>/_search_shards
POST /_search_shards
POST /<index>/_search_shards
```

## Path parameters

The following table lists the available path parameters. All path parameters are optional.

| Parameter | Date type   | Description                                            |
| --------- | ------ | ------------------------------------------------------ |
| `<index>` | String | A comma-separated list of target index names. |

## Query parameters

The following table lists the available query parameters. All query parameters are optional.

| Parameter | Data type | Description |
| `allow_no_indices` | Boolean | If `true`, the request does not fail if a wildcard expression or index alias resolves to no concrete indexes. Default is `true`. |

> | `expand_wildcards` | String | Controls how wildcard expressions are expanded. Options are: `open` (default), `closed`, `hidden`, `none`, `all`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `expand_wildcards` | String | Controls how wildcard expressions are expanded. Options are: `open` (default), `closed`, `hidden`, `none`, or `all`. |
```

> | `ignore_unavailable` | Boolean | If `true`, missing or closed indices are ignored. Default is `false`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `ignore_unavailable` | Boolean | If `true`, missing or closed indexes are ignored. Default is `false`. |
```

| `local` | Boolean | If `true`, the operation is performed only on the local node, without retrieving the state from the cluster manager node. Default is `false`. |

> | `preference` | String | Specifies a preference in selecting which shards or nodes to target. See the [preference query parameter]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/api-reference/search-apis/search/#the-preference-query-parameter) for more details. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `preference` | String | Specifies a preference in selecting which shards or nodes to target. See [The `preference` query parameter]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/api-reference/search-apis/search/#the-preference-query-parameter) for more information. |
```

> | `routing` | String | A comma-separated list of specific routing values to use for shard selection. If specified, it affects which shards are considered for the search. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `routing` | String | A comma-separated list of specific routing values used for shard selection. If specified, affects which shards are considered for the search. |
```

> 

Reviewer: Line 39: "considered for the search" => "searched"?

## Request body fields

The request body can include a full search query to simulate how the request would be routed:

```json
{
  "query": {
    "term": {
      "user": "alice"
    }
  }
}
```

## Example

Create an index:

```json
PUT /logs-demo
{
  "settings": {
    "number_of_shards": 3,
    "number_of_replicas": 0
  },
  "mappings": {
    "properties": {
      "user": { "type": "keyword" },
      "message": { "type": "text" },
      "@timestamp": { "type": "date" }
    }
  }
}
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

Index the first document with `routing=user1`:

```json
POST /logs-demo/_doc?routing=user1
{
  "@timestamp": "2025-05-23T10:00:00Z",
  "user": "user1",
  "message": "User login successful"
}
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

Index the second document with `routing=user2`:

```json
POST /logs-demo/_doc?routing=user2
{
  "@timestamp": "2025-05-23T10:01:00Z",
  "user": "user2",
  "message": "User login failed"
}
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

### Example request

> Simulate routing with `_search_shards`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Simulate routing with `_search_shards`:
```

```json
POST /logs-demo/_search_shards?routing=user1
{
  "query": {
    "term": {
      "user": "user1"
    }
  }
}
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

### Example response

> The response displays the node and shard that would be searched if the search was executed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The response displays the node and shard that would be searched if the search were executed:
```
